Updates webots install guide and adds arch guide (#106)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/03-guides/02-tools/03-webots.mdx

</details>

<details>

<summary> Arch Linux </summary>

> 1. Run `pacman -S --needed git lsb-release cmake swig glu glib2 freeimage freetype2 libxml2 libzip boost-libs gd libgcrypt libzip readline pbzip2 pciutils wget zip unzip jdk-openjdk libusb` to obtain the required dependencies.

Reviewer: This command is kinda long and might look better in a code block:

```suggestion
1. Run the following to obtain the required dependencies.
     ```bash
     pacman -S --needed git lsb-release cmake swig glu glib2 freeimage freetype2 libxml2 libzip boost-libs gd libgcrypt libzip readline pbzip2 pciutils wget zip unzip jdk-openjdk libusb
     ```
```

> 2. Download our [usb patch](assets/usb.patch) which helps the makefile link libusb properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download our [usb patch](assets/webots_usb.patch) which helps the makefile link `libusb` properly.
```

> 3. After you do the clone step below, move the patch file `usb.patch` into your webots install folder, and run `git apply usb.patch` inside that folder to apply it. After that, you should be able to `make -j$(nproc)` as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After you do the clone step below, move the patch file `webots_usb.patch` into your webots install folder, and run `git apply webots_usb.patch` inside that folder to apply it. After that, you should be able to `make -j$(nproc)` as usual.
```

</details>

<details>

<summary> Arch Linux </summary>

1. Run the following to obtain the required dependencies.

   ```bash
   pacman -S --needed git lsb-release cmake swig glu glib2 freeimage freetype2 libxml2 libzip boost-libs gd libgcrypt libzip readline pbzip2 pciutils wget zip unzip jdk-openjdk libusb
   ```

2. Download our [usb patch](assets/webots_usb.patch) which helps the makefile link `libusb` properly.

> 3. After you do the clone step below, move the patch file `webots_usb.patch` into your webots install folder, and run `git apply webots_usb.patch` inside that folder to apply it. After that, you should be able to `make -j$(nproc)` as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After you do the clone step below, move the patch file `webots_usb.patch` into your webots install folder, and run `git apply webots_usb.patch` inside that folder to apply it. After that, you should be able to run `make -j$(nproc)` as usual.
```

## Install Webots

1. Open a terminal and swap to your home directory (note that webots should be cloned in your home directory). Then clone the repository:

   ```sh
   cd ~
   git clone --branch develop --single-branch --recurse-submodules -j$(nproc) https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots.git
   ```

>    By using these commands, you'll be on the correct branch (`develop`) and you'll also grab the required submodules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By using these commands, you'll be on the correct branch (`develop`) and you'll have the required submodules.
```
